Create a GitHub account
Go to GitHub.com and sign up
verify your Email
If you did not use a .edu email, go to your account settings and add your .edu email as an alternate email
Profile top right corner > Settings > Email
You can then go to https://education.github.com/pack and get the Student Developer pack
This will give you access to thousands of dollars of free credits and materials on tons of platforms

https://desktop.github.com
Make sure you move it from downloads, as it will run in your downloads folder if you let it
sign in to github.com
"Configure Git"
Name/Email associated with your commits
click continue
Asks for Usage Stats, Hit Finish

https://www.gitkraken.com
enjoy the adorable loading animation
Sign in with GitHub
If you are already logged in this is as easy as clicking authorize App
Fill out your profile Name, and then your name and email that will be associated with your commits
Click okay

Creating a repository
On GitHub -
Either hit the green "New" button next to "Repositories" on the left or click the "+" menu by your profile in the upper right and select "New Repository"
enter a repository name
select public or private. public repositories can be seen by everyone, private repositories can only be seen by added collaborators
Optional -
Add a README - this is a long description of your repository and what it's about
This is highly reccomended
Add .gitignore - This file tells git which files in your repo not to track. It is very useful for Java because you do not want to commit .class files. A repository is only for source code
GitHub is nice and has template .gitignore files based on the language you are using.
Add a License - GitHub is dedicated to supporting open source, but an important part of open source is letting people know what can and cannot be done with your code.
A license is a document that states those rules. GitHub has https://choosealicense.com to help you pick one.

Click the green "Create Repository" Button when you are ready

Bringing the repository to your computer
The process of bringing a remote (online) repository to your computer is called cloning
On your preferred git client select the option for cloning your repository

GitHub Desktop  click "Clone a Repository from the Internet..."
You will be able to search the repositories connected to your github account and select the one you want to clone
It will show you the "Local Path" where it will put the repository. Select "Choose" to change this.
IF YOU ARE USING ECLIPSE SELECT YOUR ECLIPSE WORKSPACE FOLDER AS THE LOCATION
Click "Clone"

GitKraken click "Clone a repo"
Select GitHub.com as the source
Select the location where GitKraken will put the repository beside "Where to clone to"
IF YOU ARE USING ECLIPSE SELECT YOUR ECLIPSE WORKSPACE FOLDER AS THE LOCATION
Select the Repository you want to clone from the "Repository to clone" drop down
Click "Clone the repo!"

Bringing your Repository into Eclipse
No Existing Eclipse Project
Click "Create a Java Project"
UNCHECK "Use Default Location"
Name your Project
For Location select "Browse"
Navigate to your repository folder in your Eclipse Workspace. In your repository, make a new folder. Select this as the location for your Project
Click "Finish"

Existing Eclipse Project
File > Open Projects from File System
Click Directory
In your repository folder, in the Eclipse workspace, select the Eclipse Project folder, click "Open"
Click "Finish"
